Question: What is the function of a Roles option in Web CR Administration?
Answer: To manage or assign roles.
Question: In Web CR, My Device tab, what are the three status that a device can be in?
Answer: Connected, Disconnected and Offline.
Question: In Web CR, what does the HDD utilization widget display?
Answer: It displays the number of devices that crossed the threshold for HDD usage.
Question: In Web CR, what the insight component help with?
Answer: Analyse task data in real-time.
Question: In Web CR, how to transfer data from a previous Control Room Version 10.x to the current version 11.x?
Answer: Using Migration option.
Question: In Web CR, which option in the Administration panel allows the user to view a list of purchased products?
Answer: License.
Question: In Web CR, how to monitor certain events like the highest percentage of a particular activity being performed based on either user name or host machine type?
Answer: Using Audit component.
Question: In Web CR, how to move Bots from one automation room to another?
Answer: Using Import Bots option.
Question: In Web CR, how to check the different errors that the Bots may have encountered?
Answer: Using Top Failure Reasons widget under Bots page.
Question: What are device pools?
Answer: Collection of Bot runners.
Question: In Web CR, what are the different options provided to the user in the Dashboard?
Answer: Audit, Workload and Insights Dashboard.
Question: In Web CR, which of the option defines number of work items and number of devices required to process?
Answer: SLA Calculator.
Question: In Web Cr, which option schedules a Bot to be executed at a specific point in time?
Answer: Schedule Bots.
Question: In Web CR, which dashboard helps consumers to analyse task data and enhance widgets?
Answer: Insights Dashboard.
Question: What are the benefits of workload management?
Answer:
Assists in management of work items.
Adds queues manually and automatically.
Enhances the control of queues.
Question: In Web CR, what is the function of the Audit Log?
Answer: Enforces internal compliance regulations.
Question: Which method is used in Smart Recorder to select a button?
Answer: Use Click Action.
Question: Which web browser is generally recommended to use with recorders?
Answer: Internet Explorer 9+.
Question: Which recorder is used that works primarily by using objects?
Answer: Smart Recorder.
Question: Which recorder is best used for Internet-based process?
Answer: Web Recorder.
Question: Which recorder primarily utilizes screen coordinates, mouse clicks, and keyboard operations?
Answer: Screen Recorder.
Question: Which web-based technologies does Smart Recorder capture?
Answer: HTML.
Question: While building a task using Screen Recorder, which points should be kept in mind?
Answer:
Use the same operating system for task recording and execution.
Use the same screen resolution for task recording and execution.
Question: Which Error Handling option is used to capture a picture of the bot runner desktop once error occur?
Answer: Select the Take Snapshot option.
Question: Which Error Handling option is used to specify a value to a variable to set a task status once error occur?
Answer: Variable Assignment.
Question: Which command is used to click a button, when using the web recorder?
Answer: Manage Web Controls.
Question: While working in Error Handling, which option is used to add an additional line error data to an existing log file.
Answer: Append into Log file under Log Data into File.
Question: When using the Log Data into File option of the Error Handling command, what happens when you press the F2 key while your cursor is in the Log File field?
Answer: It will insert a variable.
Question: Which command is used to change the name of a folder to the current date?
Answer: Files/Folder – Rename Folder.
Question: Which command is used, when using the Image Recognition command, check if the target image is identified in the source window?
Answer: Quick Test.
Question: In the Image Recognition command, which values of the Match Percentage ensures all the pixels match between the two images captured using Image Recognition command?
Answer: 100.
Question: Which option should select in the Log to file section of the Error Handling command to record the time and date when the error occurred?
Answer: Add Timestamp.
Question: Which commands allows you to specify a time to wait for the condition to be true before taking another action?
Answer: If/Else command.





1. To get a graphical representation of Events Distribution by Activity Type, a CR admin need to refer to …. dashboard.
a. Audit

2. Which of the following options in AAE support the email notification feature?
a. All

3. Which of the following client is accessible to a user with ‘AAE_Admin’ system role assigned?
a. Bot Creator



4. Which of the following email based triggers does AAE 11 CR support out of box?
a. A Task Bot stopped running because it is unsuccessfull
b. User activated/deactivated
c. User information updated
d. A BLM package is exported/imported

5. Locker managers have all the permissions that owners do except they cannot add other owners or managers
a. True

6. As a Control Room user with ‘Manage and Update all schedules’ privileges, one can activate or deactivate scheduled activities in the following ways.
a. Either individually or in bulk

7. Users can see lockers only if they have created them or if they are a member of that locker
a. True

8. Which of the following WebCR feature allows to view the list of all client machines along with their name, type and status in read-only form
a. Devices

9. Which of the following types of reports are generated by the Report Designer
a. Task failure (bad answer)
b. Task log (probably good answer)

10. Which system variable can be used in the required command to access the work item attributes from a queue category?
a. $dataset column$

11. Credential Variables can be seen and accessed from the … window
a. Variable manager – bad answer
b. Insert variables – probably good answer

12. Which of the following is not a valid recorder in AA Enterprise Platform?
a. Desktop Recorder

13. In the loop associated with Database command, which system variable is used to extract column values from the database table?
a. $Table Column$

14. Which of the following ROI setting can be modified in Client?
a. Hourly time

15. Which of the following are possible in Error Handling?
a. All

16. Which one of the following is ‘highly’ not recommended to use if the application is local and offers full support of objects for automation?
a. Object cloning

17. In case there is no error in a task, the value of ‘error line number’ will be..
a. 0

18. Which of the following commands does not support Credential Variables?
a. Log to file <- answer
b. Active directory

19. Which of the following is an extension of a Metabot File?
a. .mbot

20. The FTP- Put Files command is used to
a. Upload file(s) from local system to FTP/SFTP server

21. Conditional decision making is out of the scope of rpa automation.
True/False








Q1.) RPA stores data and enable automation? True/Falseautomation anywhere
Answer: True.

Q2.) Which is the best option to extract the data from flattened PDF in Automation Anywhere?

Answer: Extract Text.

Q3.) What are the commands that support secure recording mode select one or more in Automation Anywhere?

Answer: Object cloning, Image Recognition.

Q4.) Which option in Automation Anywhere is used to read entire cells in excel?

Answer: Get all cells.

Q5.) What are the actions that can be performed in image recognition once the image is found in AA?

Answer: Double Click, Left Click, Right Click.

Q6.) To compare, find, split and join strings which feature in Automation Anywhere can be used?

Answer: String operation

Q7.) If at all the Credential information needs to be stored in a centralized location, then what are all the options available Automation Anywhere?

Answer: Automation Anywhere Credential Manager.

Q8.) RPA interacts with multiple applications at the ___________ layer in Automation Anywhere.

Answer: Presentation

Q9.) Is it possible to check broken links using a web recorder in Automation Anywhere? True/False

Answer: True.

Q10.) Which of the following actions can be performed by the user with a Bot runner role in AA?

Answer: Can add, edit, and delete schedules for tasks on your client machine.


 
Q11.) The sequence of user action is captured to speed up the process definition using _________.

Answer: Process Recorder.

Q12.) Which of the options are available in Automation Anywhere to activate sheet in excel?

Answer: Sheet By Index, Sheet By Name.

Q13.) Does the PDF integration command support to extract the structured text in AA?

Answer: Extract text

Q14.) Do all the RPA tools provide both front and back-office automation? True/False

Answer: False.

Q15.) PDF Integration in Automation Anywhere supports both encrypted and unencrypted files? True/False

Answer: True.

Q16.) Greater resilience is achieved in RPA through _______ in Automation Anywhere.

Answer: Functional approach.

Q17.) How do we allocate an existing license from one user to another user in the same machine in automation anywhere?

Answer: Deactivate the existing user, create a new user, and log in with the credentials.


 
Q18.) ______ is the master repository of jobs in Automation Anywhere.

Answer: Robot Controller.


Automation Anywhere Certification Questions
Q1.) What is a Default mode of credential manager in Automation Anywhere?

Answer: The default mode of the credential manager is the express mode. There are two modes Express and Manual. Both modes are for Credential Vault.

Q2.) Which subversion (SVN) is used in automation anywhere for creating and maintaining a repository?

Answer: Automation anywhere supports Apache subversion. Neither visual nor tortoise.

Q3.) Which browsers are supported in automation anywhere?

Answer: IE 10 & 11, FIREFOX 45,46,47, CHROME 49 and above (Chrome is not supported in meta bot designers).


 
Q4.) What is the use of wildcard in automation anywhere?

Answer: Wildcard is mostly used for extracting particular data from a document /txt.

Q5.) Which type of script is supported by automation anywhere?

Answer: JavaScript and VB script.

Q6.) Tell the name of app integration commands in automation anywhere?

Answer: Browser, Dos Command prompt, Java Applet.

Q7.) What are the ways of maintaining logs feature in automation anywhere?

Answer: Logs to File command is used for this.

Q8.) Tell the name of System variables, used to read the data from your CSV/text file?

Answer: File Data Column.

Q9.) Explain the workflow designer?

Answer: It helps you build a process flow diagram in a graphical environment. These you can subsequently use to build and run automated tasks in the program.

Q10.) Which command is used to send and read the email using your automation anywhere enterprise client?

Answer: Email automation command is used to read the emails and send email commands used for sending the mail.

Q11) What are commands used to download a file in automation anywhere?

Answer: Web Recorder command is used to download a file.


 
Q12.) Which are the most important checks required to do during web recording command?

Answer: URL.

Q13.) How to assign a new set of permissions to a group of users in automation anywhere?

Answer: We use Active Directory to create a group and modify the permissions.

Q14.) What is the automation anywhere meta bot file extension?

Answer: .MBOT

Q15.) What is the task bot file extension in automation anywhere?

Answer: .ATMX

Q16.) What is the automation anywhere report designer file extension?

Answer: .RTDX

Q17.) What is the workflow file extension in automation anywhere?

Answer: .WKFX







